-----------------------------------------------
  Some Technical & Useful Functions for Emacs
-----------------------------------------------

     Emacs made friendly for beginners



Stufe comes from two different reasons : 

1) the first one is, progressively, I found new features on the web
and I used to put them in my .emacs file.

2) the second one is, I was coming from a MS-DOS/Windows world where
it is possible to push only one key on the keyboard to compile, run or
debug the current project. I was missing this simplicity. So, I start
adding functions to simplify my life under Emacs until by .emacs file
becomes unreadable because of its size.



This is the reason why I started to split .emacs in files and classify
them in folders. People saw me using my Emacs with Stufe and ask me
where it was possible to get this software : I decided to release my
work for everybody.


Here is what Stufe can propose to you :

Stufe gives keyboard shortcuts and menu items to common functions of
Emacs. Its aims is to give an easier access to some functions for
beginners of Emacs that doesn't know all the possibilities of this
editor.

It has also a support for templates (easily customable) to be able to
create Makefile for C/C++, Java and LaTeX. Templates are also used to
create basic files in LaTeX, class or functions (respecting the
JavaDoc specifications for comments for the functions, classes or
variables : so it is possible to generate the documentation with
doxygen, doc++ or the javadoc).

It activates also some default Emacs minor-mode for major-mode (like
flyspell, hscroll-minor-mode, the mouse-wheel...), so a beginner can
immediatly uses this function

It is also possible to create project. A project is a set of files
created for a particular goals. As a current state, it is possible to
create project for a LaTeX document, C/C++ executable or shared object
(for Linux), a Java project and cook recipe (for my girlfriend).

At last but not least, themacs supports for some programming languages
a debugger. It uses already existing functions of Emacs but add one or
two things. It is for example possible to launch automatically gdb on
the executable of the project or to set breakpoints when the debugger
is not launched.

The future of this project is not clearly set because I am writing
functions when I need them but two of my goals at the moment are
improve the interface of the debugger, support more languages.








